Tree from object (#1)
mate-academy/js_tree-from-object-DOM: README.md

# Tree from object

## Task

> Write a function `createTree` that creating list of `ul/li` from object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Write a function `createTree` that creates a list of `ul/li` from an object.
```

Author: done

Function `createTree(element, data)`

`element` - is a DOM element.

> ## Workflow

Reviewer: We should extract this repetitive workflow into one guidelines file.

Author: Created new repo - https://github.com/mate-academy/js_task-DOM-guideline
removed workflow and add a link to guideline

# Tree from object

## Task

> Write a function `createTree` that creates a list of `ul/li` from an object.

Reviewer 2: `createTree(element, data)` - to avoid the next line
`a nested list`

Author: changed
